How do I get started?
In order to use custom CSV, you will need to set up your initial export. Here are the steps to get to those settings:

Go to Accounting in the left-hand menu of the Ramp dashboard

Go to Settings in the top right of that page

Select CSV Customization 

There are two ways to do this:

1. Upload a previous CSV with header names. This can be any previous CSV you have imported into your ERP.

2. Use the Ramp default template. This will give you a preset export with the required fields. Like any other custom CSV on Ramp, this template can be edited.

3. Check your Column names and their placement to make sure the format fits what your team needs.

4. To ensure that content is pulled for every "Column name", select a corresponding "Content type" option. "Leave blank" will leave that column blank when exporting the CSV file.

Transactions
Key features
Show or hide columns
Rename column headers
Re-arrange how columns appear in the export
Ability to show refunds in single-line journal entries as negative
Hardcoded fields (default value specified by user)
Double Line Export Requirements
Debit, Credit, Accounting Date, Account Name or Account ID

Single Line Export Requirements
Amount, Accounting Date, Account Name or Account ID

With single line transactions, you also have the ability to export refunds as negative. This is the default but can be toggled off in your CSV Export Settings.

Bills and Bill Payments
Key features
Show or hide columns
Rename column headers
Re-arrange how columns appear in the exports
Hardcoded fields (default value specified by user)
Bill (Expense) Export Requirements
Single Line:
Amount, Invoice Number, Bill Date, Account Name or Account ID, Vendor or Vendor ID

Double Line:
Debit, Credit Invoice Number Bill Date, Account Name or Account ID, Vendor or Vendor ID

Bill Payment Export Requirements
Single Line:
Amount, Invoice Number, Payment ID, Payment Date, Account Name or Account ID, Vendor or Vendor ID

Double Line:
Debit, Credit, Invoice Number, Payment ID, Payment Date, Account Name or Account ID, Vendor or Vendor ID